Request to add CSP info. (#100266)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/reservations/prepay-databricks-reserved-capacity.md

## Purchase Databricks commit units

You can buy Databricks plans in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Reservations/CreateBlade/referrer/documentation/filters/%7B%22reservedResourceType%22%3A%22Databricks%22%7D). To buy reserved capacity, you must have the owner role for at least one enterprise or Microsoft Customer Agreement or an individual subscription with pay-as-you-go rates subscription, or the required role for CSP subscriptions.

- You must be in an Owner role for at least one Enterprise Agreement (offer numbers: MS-AZR-0017P or MS-AZR-0148P) or Microsoft Customer Agreement or an individual subscription with pay-as-you-go rates (offer numbers: MS-AZR-0003P or MS-AZR-0023P).
- For Enterprise subscriptions, **Add Reserved Instances** must be enabled in the [EA portal](https://ea.azure.com/). Or, if that setting is disabled, you must be an EA Admin of the subscription to enable it. Direct EA customers can now update **Reserved Instance** setting on [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_GTM/ModernBillingMenuBlade/AllBillingScopes). Navigate to the Policies menu to change settings.

> - For CSP subscriptions, follow the steps in [https://learn.microsoft.com/partner-center/azure-ri-server-subscriptions](/partner-center/azure-ri-server-subscriptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For CSP subscriptions, follow the steps in [Acquire, provision, and manage Azure reserved VM instances (RI) + server subscriptions for customers](/partner-center/azure-ri-server-subscriptions).
```
